{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Quiz\
\
1. What does \'91flummox mean?\
\
a. A style of architecture characterized by ornate decorations\
b. A famous British detective from a series of novels\

\f1\b c. To confuse or perplex greatly\

\f0\b0 d. A type of fruit commonly found in tropical regions\
\
Right On! <fist bump>The word \'91flummox\'92 signifies a state of being completely baffled or bewildered, often due to a complex or unexpected situation. When someone is flummoxed, they are left feeling utterly confused or at a loss for understanding, struggling to make sense of the circumstances.\
 \
\
\
2. What does the word \'91shenanigans\'92 mean?\
\
a. A word puzzle originating in Ireland\
b. A traditional Hawaiian feast\
c. A state of total chaos\

\f1\b d. Playful or mischievous activity\
\

\f0\b0 Absolutely right <thumbs up>\
The word \'92shenanigans\'92 refers to playful or mischievous activities that are usually done in a lighthearted or spirited manner. It implies engaging in tricks, pranks or actions intended to create amusement or mischief. It is often used to describe behaviorr that is full of fun, excitement, and mischief.
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 \
\
\
3.What does the word \'91brouhaha\'92 mean?\
\
a. A sound of hearty laughter\
b. A traditional dance performed at weddings\

\f1\b c. An uproar or noisy situation\

\f0\b0 d. A hilarious situation\
\
Right on! \
The word \'91brouhaha\'92 is often used to describe a commotion or fuss created by a group of people, typically over a trivial matter. This word conveys a sense of chaos, excitement and sometimes even confusion in the midst of a spirited and noisy incident.\
\
\
\
4. What does \'91galumph\'92 mean?\
\

\f1\b a. To move in a clumsy, awkward, or noisy manner\

\f0\b0 b. The sound created by a galloping horse\
c. A fictional creature that grants wished\
d. A type of flower commonly found in Northern Europe\
\
The word \'91galumph\'92 is a playful verb that describes moving in a clumsy or awkward or ungainly manner.It often implies a heavy, exaggerated or lighthearted way of moving. Like a person or creature who is bounding or frolicking with little grace or finesse. The term was popularized by Lewis Carroll in his poem \'93Jabberwocky.\'94\
\
\
\
5. What does the word \'91codswallop\'92 mean?\
\

\f1\b a. Nonsense or rubbish\

\f0\b0 b. A type of candy popular in the late 1950s\
c. A mythical creature with the head of a lion and the body of a goat\
d. A traditional Scottish dance\
\
The term \'91codswallop\'92 is a colloquial term\'85\
\
\
\
6.What does the word \'91bumbershoot\'92 mean?\
\

\f1\b a. An umbrella\

\f0\b0 b. A type of dance popular in the 1920s\
c. A style of martial arts originating in Japan\
d. A small creature that live in the sea\
\
\
\
7. What does the word \'92dingleberry\'92 mean?\
\
a. A type of hairstyle\
b. A style of music characterized by fast beats and silly sounding instruments\

\f1\b c. A small particle of fecal matter\

\f0\b0 d. Traditional dance performed at weddings\
\
\
\
8. What does the word \'91doozy\'92 mean?\
\
a. A traditional Mediterranean dish made with rice and vegetables\
b. A style art used for surreal paintings\
c. A boring story that puts one to sleep\

\f1\b d. Something extraordinary or outstanding\

\f0\b0 \
\
\
9. What does the word \'91gadzooks\'92 mean?\
\

\f1\b a. An exclamation of surprise or annoyance\

\f0\b0 b. A percussion instrument commonly used in African music\
c. A character fro a famous series of pulp fiction novels\
d. A children\'92s board game from the 1940s\
\
\
10. What does the word \'91snollygoster\'92 mean?\
\
a. an expression of surprise\

\f1\b b. A shrewd, unprincipled person, especially a politician\

\f0\b0 c. A colloquial term for an antlion larva\
d. A type of creature that lives in the snow\
\
\
\
}